Cluster (#36)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash: docs/source/reference/image_embedder.rst

.. _image_embedder:

##############
Image Embedder
##############

********
The task
********
Image embedding encodes an image into a vector of image features which can be used for anything like clustering, similarity
search or classification.

------

*********
Inference
*********

The :class:`~flash.vision.ImageEmbedder` is already pre-trained on [ImageNet](http://www.image-net.org/), a dataset of over 14 million images.

Use the :class:`~flash.vision.ImageEmbedder` pretrained model for inference on any image tensor or image path using :func:`~flash.vision.ImageEmbedder.predict`:

.. testcode:: python

	from flash.vision import ImageEmbedder

	# Load finetuned task
	embedder = ImageEmbedder(backbone='swav-imagenet')

	# 2. Perform inference on an image file
	embeddings = model.predict('path/to/image.png')
	print(predictions)

Or on a random image tensor

.. testcode:: python

	# 2. Perform inference on an image file
	images = torch.rand(32, 3, 224, 224)

> 	embeddings = model.predict(images)

Author: No, because the logic is DataPipeline.

.. _image_embedder:

##############
Image Embedder
##############

********
The task
********
Image embedding encodes an image into a vector of image features which can be used for anything like clustering, similarity
search or classification.

------

*********
Inference
*********

The :class:`~flash.vision.ImageEmbedder` is already pre-trained on [ImageNet](http://www.image-net.org/), a dataset of over 14 million images.

> Use the :class:`~flash.text.ImageEmbedder` pretrained model for inference on any image tensor or image path using :func:`~flash.text.ImageEmbedder.predict`:

Reviewer: `text`?
```suggestion
Use the :class:`~flash.vision.ImageEmbedder` pretrained model for inference on any image tensor or image path using :func:`~flash.vision.ImageEmbedder.predict`:
```

Author: Great catch !

Reviewer: but I think that this shall fail on docs build or test...

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: could it run on CPU? I would consider turning it to `.. testcode::` so we are on the safe side that it is working

	from flash.vision import ImageEmbedder

	# Load finetuned task
	embedder = ImageEmbedder(backbone='swav-imagenet')

	# 2. Perform inference on an image file
	embeddings = model.predict('path/to/image.png')
	print(predictions)

> Or on an image tensor
> 
> .. code-block:: python
> 
> 	from flash.vision import ImageEmbedder
> 
> 	# Load finetuned task
> 	embedder = ImageEmbedder(backbone='swav-imagenet')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or on a random image tensor

.. code-block:: python
```

	# 2. Perform inference on an image file
	images = torch.rand(32, 3, 224, 224)
	embeddings = model.predict(images)
	print(predictions)

For more advanced inference options, see :ref:`predictions`.

------

**********
Finetuning
**********
To tailor this image embedder to your dataset, finetune first.

.. code-block:: python

    import flash
    from flash import download_data
    from flash.vision import ImageClassificationData, ImageClassifier

    # 1. Download the data
    download_data("https://pl-flash-data.s3.amazonaws.com/hymenoptera_data.zip", 'data/')

    # 2. Load the data
    datamodule = ImageClassificationData.from_folders(

>     	backbone="resnet18",

Reviewer: why do I need to spec backbone here?

Author: Good catch !

        train_folder="data/hymenoptera_data/train/",
        valid_folder="data/hymenoptera_data/val/",
        test_folder="data/hymenoptera_data/test/",
    )

    # 3. Build the model
    embedder = ImageEmbedder()

    # 4. Create the trainer. Run once on data
    trainer = flash.Trainer(max_epochs=1)

    # 5. Train the model
    trainer.finetune(model, datamodule=datamodule, unfreeze_milestones=(0, 1))

    # 6. Test the model
    trainer.test()

    # 7. Save it!
    trainer.save_checkpoint("image_classification_model.pt")

------

*********************
Changing the backbone
*********************
By default, we use the encoder from `Swav <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.09882.pdf>`_ pretrained on Imagenet via contrastive learning. You can change the model run by the task by passing in a different backbone.

> .. note:: When changing the backbone, make sure you pass in the same backbone to the Task and the Data object!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: 

   When changing the backbone, make sure you pass in the same backbone to the Task and the Data object!
```

.. testcode:: python

>   import torch

Reviewer 2: fix indentation
